API-11659 - Login.gov test users (#313)
department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-api-clients: test_accounts/health_test_accounts.md

**Do not modify any of the attributes for these test accounts, including passwords.** If you need to use one of these accounts for a different use case, [contact us](https://developer.va.gov/support/contact-us) on our developer portal.

## Logging in with ID.me

To log in to the sandbox environment using ID.me, make sure you:

  1. Choose an account that is specific to the API you want to test.
  2. Select **ID.me** to sign in to the sandbox environment.
  3. Enter the ID.me username and password (**Password1234!**).
  4. **Don’t change any preselected answers** when asked about receiving an authentication code. Just click “Continue” to go to the next step.

## Logging in with Login.gov

To log in to the sandbox environment using Login.gov, make sure you:

  1. Choose an account that is specific to the API you want to test.
  2. Select **Login.gov** to sign in to the sandbox environment.

>   3. Enter the Login.gov username and password (**Password12345!!!**).

Reviewer: Just to clarify what the password is for Login.gov test accounts, I would have a separate sentence that states what the password is. The parenthesis could be misinterpreted as part of the password.
```suggestion
  3. Enter the Login.gov username and password. The password for all Login.gov test accounts is: **Password12345!!!**
```

>   4. Use the Login.gov MFA seed to generate a 2FA code using an application like Google Authenticator or Authy.

Reviewer: "like" should be "such as" in this context. _Such as_ gives concrete examples of MFA apps that can be used, whereas _like_ would exclude apps that could work for our user. I'm also going to suggest removing the two instances of the word "use."
```suggestion
  4. Use the Login.gov MFA seed to generate a 2FA code with an app such as Google Authenticator or Authy.
```

## Veteran Account Information

> 

Reviewer: In between Veteran Account Information and the Notes, I would reiterate what the passwords are for ID.me and Login.gov accounts.
```suggestion
**Password for all ID.me accounts: Password1234!**
**Password for all Login.gov accounts: Password12345!!!**
```

**NOTE:**

 * Details about Conditions associated with a patient can be found in [Test Patient Conditions](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-api-clients/blob/ramosan-add-patient-conditions/test_accounts/health_test_account_conditions.xlsx).
 * Details about patients with COVID-19 related test data can be found [below](#covid19-test-data).

> | ICN      | First Name   | Last Name      | Sex  | Birthdate  | Clinical Health API | ID.me Username<br>(Password1234!) | Login.gov Username<br>(Password1234!) | Login.gov MFA Seed               |

Reviewer: If you have the password right underneath the username, it could be misinterpreted as the username. I would suggest getting rid of the password in these columns, since they will be listed above the table.
```suggestion
| ICN      | First Name   | Last Name      | Sex  | Birthdate  | Clinical Health API | ID.me Username | Login.gov Username | Login.gov MFA Seed               |
```

| :---     | :---         | :---           | :--- | :---       | :---                | :---                              | :---                                  | :---                             |

> | 32000225 | Sheba703     | Harris789      | F    | 1926-01-08 | ✔️                   | va.api.user+idme.101@gmail.com    | va.api.user+idme.101@gmail.com        | TODOAVD3MUOWJEENIS2FTJZEAROTGBAC |

Reviewer: The user names listed are the same here. The both are listed as: **va.api.user+idme**. The Login.gov usernames need to be changed so that they're not the same as the ID.me usernames.

| 37000195 | Charley358   | O'Kon634       | M    | 1992-08-17 | ➖                   | va.api.user+idme.179@gmail.com    | va.api.user+idme.179@gmail.com        | TODOAVD3MUOWJEENIS2FTJZEAROTGBAC |
| 47000002 | Drew592      | Hegmann834     | M    | 1981-07-09 | ➖                   | va.api.user+idme.180@gmail.com    | va.api.user+idme.180@gmail.com        | TODOAVD3MUOWJEENIS2FTJZEAROTGBAC |
| 47000043 | Forrest301   | Miller503      | M    | 1978-09-26 | ➖                   | va.api.user+idme.181@gmail.com    | va.api.user+idme.181@gmail.com        | TODOAVD3MUOWJEENIS2FTJZEAROTGBAC |
| 47000145 | Ward668      | Cronin387      | M    | 1939-03-04 | ➖                   | va.api.user+idme.182@gmail.com    | va.api.user+idme.182@gmail.com        | TODOAVD3MUOWJEENIS2FTJZEAROTGBAC |
| 47000289 | Reynaldo722  | Simonis280     | M    | 1909-04-04 | ➖                   | va.api.user+idme.183@gmail.com    | va.api.user+idme.183@gmail.com        | TODOAVD3MUOWJEENIS2FTJZEAROTGBAC |

## Covid19 Test Data

> | ICN      | Immunization               | Covid Lab Tests | ID.me Username<br>(Password1234!) | Login.gov Username<br>(Password12345!!!) | Login.gov MFA Seed               |

Reviewer: If you have the password right underneath the username, it could be misinterpreted as the username. I would suggest getting rid of the password in these columns, since they will be listed above the table.
```suggestion
| ICN      | Immunization               | Covid Lab Tests | ID.me Username | Login.gov Username | Login.gov MFA Seed               |
```

| :---     | :---                       | :---            | :---                              | :---                                     | :---                             |

> | 43000199 | None                       | Positive        | va.api.user+idme.119@gmail.com    | va.api.user+119@gmail.com                | TODOAVD3MUOWJEENIS2FTJZEAROTGBAC |

Reviewer: The user names listed are the same here. The both are listed as: va.api.user+idme. The Login.gov usernames need to be changed so that they're not the same as the ID.me usernames.
